
25

Automatic Zoom
Go Back  Print
– 4 +  servings
Olive Garden Chicken Gnocchi Soup
This copycat Olive Garden Chicken Gnocchi Soup is every bit as
creamy and delicious as the restaurant version, made in less than 30
minutes! 
Course Main Course
Cuisine Italian
Prep Time 10 minutes
Cook Time 20 minutes
0 minutes
Total Time 30 minutes
Servings 4 servings
Calories 523kcal
Author Tiffany
Ingredients
Instructions
Notes
Milk: for even more creamy richness, swap one cup of the half and half for heavy cream. 
Nutrition
Calories: 523kcal | Carbohydrates: 52g | Protein: 31g | Fat: 22g | Saturated Fat: 11g | Trans Fat: 1g
| Cholesterol: 99mg | Sodium: 622mg | Potassium: 799mg | Fiber: 4g | Sugar: 2g | Vitamin A:
3859IU | Vitamin C: 7mg | Calcium: 184mg | Iron: 5mg
Recipe Image Notes Nutrition Label
3-4 boneless skinless chicken breasts cooked and diced
1 stalk of celery chopped
½ white onion diced
2 teaspoons minced garlic
½ cup shredded carrots
1 tablespoon olive oil
4 cups low sodium chicken broth
salt and pepper to taste
1 teaspoon thyme
16 ounces potato gnocchi
2 cups half and half see note
1 cup fresh spinach roughly chopped
1.  Heat olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add celery, onions, garlic, and carrots and
saute for 2-3 minutes until onions are translucent. 
2.  Add chicken, chicken broth, salt, pepper, and thyme, bring to a boil, then gently stir in
gnocchi. Boil for 3-4 minutes longer before reducing heat to a simmer and cooking for 10
minutes. 
3.  Stir in half and half and spinach and cook another 1-2 minutes until spinach is tender.
Taste, add salt and pepper if needed, and serve.  
No Bake Chocolate Peanut Butter Bars
Delicious and healthy chocolate peanut butter bars made with simple ingredients
like peanut butter, oats, honey and chocolate. These no bake chocolate peanut
butter oatmeal bars are a great sweet snack or healthy dessert straight from the
fridge. Easy and gluten-free!
Course Dessert
Keyword Chocolate Peanut Butter, Chocolate Peanut Butter Bars, Gluten-Free, no-bake, Oatmeal Bars,
Peanut Butter Bars, Peanut Butter Oatmeal Bars
Prep Time 10 mins Resting Time 2 hrs  Servings 12 bars Author Hannah Magee
Ingredients
Instructions
No Bake Chocolate Peanut Butter Bars
https://hannahmageerd.com/no-bake-chocolate-peanut-butter-oatmeal-bars/
3/4 cup natural peanut butter
1/3 cup honey
1 1/2 cups rolled oats (rolled oats *not quick oats)
1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips
1 tbsp refined coconut oil
flaky sea salt optional
1.  Line a large loaf pan with parchment paper. In a mixing bowl, add 3/4 cup natural peanut butter, and 1/3
cup honey. Mix to combine. Add 1 1/2 cups rolled oats and mix again until well-combined.
2.  Transfer the peanut butter oatmeal mixture to the lined loaf pan, spread and press down evenly with
clean hands or a spatula.
3.  Add 1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips and 1 tbsp refined coconut oil to a microwave-safe bowl.
Microwave in 30 second intervals, stirring in between, until chocolate is melted and smooth.
4.  Pour chocolate mixture into loaf pan over the peanut butter layer. Spread evenly with a spatula. Sprinkle
with flaky sea salt (optional) and place in the refrigerator to set for 2-3 hours, then cut into bars. Makes
12 bars.
5.  Bars will store well in refrigerator up to 1 week.
Honey Garlic Chicken
This honey garlic chicken recipe has tender pan fried chicken breasts
with a sticky sweet honey garlic glaze. It's fast and simple to make!
Course Main Course
Cuisine American
Keyword honey garlic chicken breast, honey garlic chicken recipe
Prep Time 10 minutes
Cook Time 20 minutes
Total Time 30 minutes
Servings 8
Calories 269kcal
Author Natasha Bull
Ingredients
Sauce:
Instructions
4 chicken breasts cut in half lengthwise
Salt & pepper to taste
2 tablespoon olive oil
2 tablespoon butter
Chopped scallions to taste (optional but recommended)
6 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce
0.5 cup honey
0.5 cup chicken broth
1 tablespoon lemon juice or apple cider vinegar
8 cloves garlic minced
2 tablespoon cornstarch
1.  Preheat your oven to 400F and move the rack to the top third of the oven.
2.  Add the sauce ingredients to a small bowl and whisk them together. Set aside.
3.  Cut the chicken breasts in half lengthwise so you have 4 thinner pieces. Season them with
salt & pepper.
4.  Add the oil and butter to an oven-proof skillet over medium-high heat. Let the skillet heat
up for a few minutes.
5.  Cook the chicken for 4-5 minutes/side until golden.
Notes
Use an instant read thermometer to ensure chicken is never undercooked or overcooked
and dry.
I recommend an oven-proof skillet for this recipe. You can transfer the chicken to a baking
dish for the oven portion of the recipe if you are in a pinch, though.
Nutritional information is provided as a courtesy only and should be construed as an
estimate rather than a guarantee. Ingredients can vary and Salt & Lavender makes no
guarantees to the accuracy of this information.
Nutrition
Calories: 269kcal | Carbohydrates: 21g | Protein: 25g | Fat: 9g | Saturated Fat: 3g | Cholesterol:
80mg | Sodium: 611mg | Potassium: 474mg | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 18g | Vitamin A: 121IU | Vitamin C:
4mg | Calcium: 11mg | Iron: 1mg
6.  Give the sauce another quick whisk and then pour it into the skillet in between the chicken
pieces. Let it bubble for 30 seconds, then take the pan off the heat. Quickly spoon some
sauce over the chicken and then place the skillet in the oven for 4-5 minutes or until the
chicken is cooked through (165F) and the sauce thickens up a little more. Do not cook
much longer or the sauce will burn.
7.  Serve immediately (I spoon more sauce over top and add the chopped scallions).
1/14/23, 11:45 AM One-Pot Garlic Parmesan Pasta Recipe with Spinach and Mushrooms – Creamy Pasta Recipe — Eatwell101
https://www.eatwell101.com/one-pot-garlic-parmesan-pasta-recipe#recipecardo 1/3
Christina Cherrier August 29, 2021
One-Pot Garlic Parmesan Pasta with Spinach and
Mushrooms
eatwell101.com/one-pot-garlic-parmesan-pasta-recipe
Add to Meal Planner  
© Eatwell101.com
One-Pot Garlic Parmesan Pasta with Spinach and Mushrooms – Super quick and delicious,
this creamy pasta recipe features creamy parmesan sauce, sauteed mushrooms, onion,
and spinach. You can do it in less than 30 minutes, and the pasta is so flavorful you’ll think it
comes straight out of a restaurant. An easy weeknight dinner with simple ingredients and
impossible to mess up. Enjoy!
Ingredients list for the One-Pot Garlic Parmesan Pasta with Spinach
and Mushrooms
14 oz (400g) farfalle pasta
3 tablespoons olive oil
2 medium onions, sliced
3 or 4 cloves garlic, minced
14 oz (400 g)  mushrooms, sliced
10 oz (300g) fresh spinach
1/2 cup (125ml) low-sodium vegetable broth
Fresh cracked pepper, to taste
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
1/2 cup parmesan cheese, grated
1/2 cup heavy whipping cream
1 teaspoon red chili pepper flakes, optional
One-Pot Pasta with Spinach and Mushrooms
This creamy pasta recipe filled with spinach and meaty mushrooms is an excellent
vegetarian option for dinner. Nobody will notice this pasta recipe is meatless! The flavor is
rustic and earthy with a silky cream sauce. that’s not as rich and heavy alfredo sauce. The
spinach mushroom pasta is filling and works well for a quick prep dinner.
1/14/23, 11:45 AM One-Pot Garlic Parmesan Pasta Recipe with Spinach and Mushrooms – Creamy Pasta Recipe — Eatwell101
https://www.eatwell101.com/one-pot-garlic-parmesan-pasta-recipe#recipecardo 2/3
Directions
1. To make the creamy parmesan spinach mushroom pasta skillet: Cook the pasta in salted
water until al dente, according to the package instructions.
2. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet. Add the onion and saute for 2-3 minutes until
translucent and slightly browned. Remove from the skillet and transfer to a plate.
3. In the same skillet, add the mushrooms and sauté for about 3 minutes until browned. Add
a bit of oil if necessary. Remove mushrooms to the plate with onion and set aside.
4. In the same skillet, add the spinach and cook for 2 minutes until just wilted. Adjust
seasoning with salt and pepper. Remove spinach and drain excess water. Transfer to
another plate.
5. Still in the same skillet, heat a little oil, add the chopped garlic and cook for about 30
seconds, then deglaze with vegetable broth. Add cream, grated parmesan, chili pepper
flakes, and Italian seasoning and cook for 2 minutes, stirring until combined and the cream
gets some color.
6. Once the pasta is ready, add mushrooms, onion, and spinach back to the skillet, then put
drained pasta and toss to combine. Add more parmesan and Italian seasoning and give a
quick stir. Serve the creamy parmesan spinach mushroom pasta with red chili pepper
flakes and more parmesan, if you like. Enjoy!
Tips for the Creamy Parmesan Spinach Mushroom Pasta
Button, sliced portabella, shitake... Whichever mushrooms you pick, all they’ll need is a
quick sear in a hot pan before being tossed into the creamy pasta sauce! We cook each
ingredient separately to avoid excess water from mushrooms and spinach and losing taste.
You can save time by cooking all ingredients together but keep in mind the creamy
mushroom pasta could end up being soupy and tasteless.
Don’t skimp on chili pepper flakes, they add a great spicy touch!
You can use any kind of pasta, but we favor pasta shapes that hold the sauce well
such as farfalle, penne, rotini...
Don’t crowd the pan with mushrooms, otherwise, they’ll never go golden and will lose
flavor. Proceed in batches with the mushrooms, if necessary.
Either finely grate your own parmesan, or buy the finely shredded parmesan cheese at
the grocery store. Do not use store-bought sandy or shaved parmesan, it will not melt
properly in the sauce.
1/14/23, 11:45 AM One-Pot Garlic Parmesan Pasta Recipe with Spinach and Mushrooms – Creamy Pasta Recipe — Eatwell101
https://www.eatwell101.com/one-pot-garlic-parmesan-pasta-recipe#recipecardo 3/3
What to serve with the creamy mushroom pasta?
Serve this creamy mushroom pasta with a fresh, crisp side salad to balance out the
richness of the sauce. If you’re going for a full dinner, add a side of garlic bread!
How long to keep the creamy parmesan mushroom pasta leftovers?
This creamy mushroom pasta recipe keeps in the fridge for 3 days or so. Reheat in the
microwave, adding a tiny splash of water to loosen up the sauce if necessary.
More pasta recipes you might like
20-Minute Sausage Pasta Skillet
Instant Pot Creamy Garlic Parmesan Chicken Pasta
Tomato Spinach Sausage Pasta
Tomato Spinach Shrimp Pasta
New: Meal Planner Plan your weekly meals instantly from anywhere on the web Try the Meal
Planner!
Apple Crisp Oat Bars
These apple crisp oat bars feature a thick layer of spiced apples sandwiched between two layers of sweet cinnamon oatmeal crumble crust for the
ultimate dessert, snack, or coffee companion!
Print  Save Share Rate
1k SHARES
By: Natalie Kollee
Yield: 15 Bars
Prep Time: 15 Minutes
Cook Time: 45 Minutes
Total Time: 1 Hour
Ingredients
For the oat crust:
1 1/2 cups flour
3 cups quick cooking oatmeal
1 tablespoon cinnamon
1 1/4 cups brown sugar, lightly packed
1 1/4 cups butter, melted
For the apple mixture:
2 pounds apples, peeled and diced into 1 cm cubes (about 8 medium apples - McIntosh, Sparta, or your favorite baking apple)
2 tablespoons granulated sugar
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon cinnamon
Directions
1
Prepare Pan And Oven
Preheat oven to 350 F; grease a 9x13 baking dish
2
Prepare Crust
Prepare oatmeal crust by stirring together flour, oatmeal, cinnamon, brown sugar. Drizzle melted butter over top and mix until thoroughly combined
3
Prepare Apples
Prepare apple mixture by tossing apples with sugar, lemon juice, cornstarch, vanilla, and cinnamon
4
Form Bottom Crust
Firmly press down oatmeal crust mixture onto bottom of prepared pan, reserving roughly 1 1/2 cups for the topping
5
Top With Apples And Crumb Mixture
Spread apples on top, then sprinkle the remaining oatmeal crust mixture over the apples
6
Bake The Bars
Bake in preheated oven 45 minutes, or until apples are soft and topping is golden brown. Allow to cool before slicing into squares and serving.
https://thekolleekitchen.com/posts/apple-crisp-oat-bars
White Cheddar Chicken Pasta
This is a delicious cheese chicken pasta recipe for your lunch or dinner.
5 from 11 votes
Side Dish American  25 minutes 10 minutes
35 minutes  6
Ingredients
For the chicken:
For the pasta:
For the cheesy and creamy sauce:Course: Cuisine: Prep Time: Cook Time: Total Time: Servings: 
2 chicken breasts, skinless and boneless;
1 ½ tbsp olive oil;
1 tsp dry mustard;
½ tsp dried thyme;
½ tsp dried oregano;
salt, to taste;
freshly ground black pepper, to taste.
1 pound short-cut pasta.
2 tbsp butter;
2 tbsp all-purpose flour;
2 cloves garlic, minced;
1 yellow onion, diced;
¼ cup dry white wine;
1 tbsp Dijon mustard;
8 oz white cheddar cheese, grated;
Instructions
2 cups whole milk;
1-2 tbsp fresh thyme;
1 tsp crushed red pepper flakes.
1.  In a small bowl, combine dry mustard, dried thyme, dried oregano, salt, and freshly
ground black pepper. Set aside.
2.  Slice chicken breasts into thin strips or cut into 1-inch cubes. Sprinkle with seasoning
mixture.
3.  In a large skillet, heat olive oil, and cook chicken for a few minutes or until cooked and
browned. Transfer cooked chicken to a plate. Set aside.
4.  Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil. Add salt and rotini. Cook according to the
package directions until al dente. Drain and set aside.
5.  Melt butter in the same skillet in which you cooked chicken. When melted, add all-
purpose flour and mix it together. Then, add dry white wine, minced garlic, diced onions,
and Dijon mustard. Mix to combine. Cook for 3-5 minutes or until onions soften. Then,
slowly pour milk in a few additions. Stir after each addition. Cook on low for 4-6 minutes
or until thickened. Then, add shredded white cheddar cheese. Mix and cook until melted.
Finally, add cooked chicken and pasta. Mix until completely covered with creamy and
cheesy sauce. Serve immediately. Sprinkle with fresh thyme, crushed red pepper flakes,
or smoked paprika.